src/id_queue.sv: Specify dont-cares (#109)
pulp-platform/common_cells: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased
### Changed

> - `id_queue`: Specify default/reset values as `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `id_queue`: Replace default or reset value of signals that were assigned `'x` with `'0`.
```
